all right here we are in Lake Placid
Florida here of a 2006 car trans bus
this bus is an excellent running
condition has been serviced it has new
tires pretty much all the way around it
it has a Braun wheelchair lift it has an
automatic door opener
it has cold AC front and rear this boss
is an excellent Puffs great for a
nursing home church or somebody that
wants to start a business I'm gonna
start this bus up and I'm gonna show you
how it runs and I'm gonna go back here
and I'm gonna operate the handicapped
lift trusting the operated handicapped
lift you have to push push in the
emergency brake flip the switch on here
on the - it says handicap and then go to
the rear of the bus and
go back here handicap there on the dash
and emergency brake on this switch here
on the side as you can see you flip on
on your remote is here the Sun falls the
broad lift has two mics very nice Lodi
just in case of emergency this lift
doesn't work there's a pump handle in
there you can also pump it manually
if you can see this bus is in great
condition it has exits on the roof in
case of emergency and the two windows
that pop out as well it has pennant
windows the seats are in great shape
well
that's all your emergency equipment your
roadside markers fire extinguisher this
bus is ready to go out and make you
money great for churches great for
someone that wants to start a business
or great for something as a large family
you looking for a nice boss this is the
one for you and thank you for looking